at the end of 1983 it really started to, you know, things started to look very bad across Britain and the
in February I think it was, wasn't it, the strike started, 1984.
And I think everybody forgets that South Wales voted pretty overwhelmingly against taking strike action.
You know, the lodges all met on that weekend and by Saturday night we knew we'd lost and that South Wales
essentially had voted to not to take strike action and I'm absolutely convinced that was because
they garnered so much intelligence and information during the skirmishes that led up to 1984.
They knew damn well what was likely to happen.
But we organised the picketing for the Monday morning. We took a decision off our own backs.
It was the centre of the Coalfield, the left in the centre, we all met up in the Herwine Ambulance Room
and we got boys we trusted from all over the Coalfield.
Even some from way down west, you know, Kenydra and from the east, from the Kilenen Collieries.
And we all, we farmed a pit out to everybody for the following morning.
But it took us until the Wednesday or the Thursday I think to get everybody out on strike in South Wales.
And it was completely illegal.
You know, we'd always been very proud of democracy in South Wales.
And you know, we just, I mean we knew what would happen.
We knew that if South Wales didn't come out, well you could forget it.
But also you were going to get parties of people down here from Yorkshire and Kent.
And you know, we never had that.
So we tried to persuade everybody to come on strike, but it was very difficult and sometimes very dangerous.
But that's for another.